README.md, before:

# Anti-hacking tools deployment of WordPress

This repo only do a small hardening of Wordpress, **without change any internal functionality** of Wordpress.

**The main goal is to disable hacking tools lik: WP-Scan or Plecost**

## Remove Metas && versions from statics

Followed this: https://tehnoblog.org/wordpress-security-how-to-hide-wordpress-meta-generator-version-info/

## Remove PHP Warnings and debug info

Not only do security tasks, also configure the Wordpress site to suppress the PHP Warning & debug info to the website

## Changing default CSS / Javascript hashed

Some security tools for Wordpress check .css / .js files, calculate a hash and can determinate the version of Wordpress from these files.

We change these files adding spaces at the ending of these files

# Examples

This docker image must be complemented with the *nginx-wordpress-docker-sec* image, that you can find at: https://github.com/cr0hn/nginx-wordpress-docker-sec

To quick test, you can download the *docker-compose.yml* form this repo and launch a complete hardened stack of Wordpress:

```yaml

version: "3"
services:

  wordpress:
    image: cr0hn/wordpress-docker-sec
    depends_on:
      - mysql
    environment:
      - WORDPRESS_DB_USER=my-user
      - WORDPRESS_DB_HOST=mysql
      - WORDPRESS_DB_PASSWORD=my-secret-pw
      - WORDPRESS_DB_NAME=wordpress
      - WORDPRESS_TABLE_PREFIX=mycustomprefix_
    volumes:
      - wordpress:/var/www/html

  nginx:
    image: cr0hn/nginx-wordpress-docker-sec
    depends_on:
     - wordpress
    volumes:
     - wordpress:/var/www/html/
    ports:
     - "8080:80"
    environment:
      POST_MAX_SIZE: 128m

  mysql:
    image: mysql:5.7
    environment:
      MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD: my-secret-pw
      MYSQL_DATABASE: wordpress


volumes:
  wordpress:
```

# Screenshots

If you deploy this version of configuration for Nginx + wordpress-docker-sec (see below) hacking tools will tell you something like:

## WP-Scan

![WP-SCan](screenshots/wp-scan.jpg)

## Plecost

![Plecost](screenshots/plecost.jpg)

## Nmap

![Nmap](screenshots/nmap.jpg)

Commit message:

increased default memory limit to 128M by default

README.md, after:

# Anti-hacking tools deployment of WordPress

This repo only do a small hardening of Wordpress, **without change any internal functionality** of Wordpress.

**The main goal is to disable hacking tools lik: WP-Scan or Plecost**

## Remove Metas && versions from statics

Followed this: https://tehnoblog.org/wordpress-security-how-to-hide-wordpress-meta-generator-version-info/

## Remove PHP Warnings and debug info

Not only do security tasks, also configure the Wordpress site to suppress the PHP Warning & debug info to the website

## Changing default CSS / Javascript hashed

Some security tools for Wordpress check .css / .js files, calculate a hash and can determinate the version of Wordpress from these files.

We change these files adding spaces at the ending of these files

## Memory limit

Increased default Wordpress memory limit to 128M by default

# Examples

This docker image must be complemented with the *nginx-wordpress-docker-sec* image, that you can find at: https://github.com/cr0hn/nginx-wordpress-docker-sec

To quick test, you can download the *docker-compose.yml* form this repo and launch a complete hardened stack of Wordpress:

```yaml

version: "3"
services:

  wordpress:
    image: cr0hn/wordpress-docker-sec
    depends_on:
      - mysql
    environment:
      - WORDPRESS_DB_USER=my-user
      - WORDPRESS_DB_HOST=mysql
      - WORDPRESS_DB_PASSWORD=my-secret-pw
      - WORDPRESS_DB_NAME=wordpress
      - WORDPRESS_TABLE_PREFIX=mycustomprefix_
    volumes:
      - wordpress:/var/www/html

  nginx:
    image: cr0hn/nginx-wordpress-docker-sec
    depends_on:
     - wordpress
    volumes:
     - wordpress:/var/www/html/
    ports:
     - "8080:80"
    environment:
      POST_MAX_SIZE: 128m

  mysql:
    image: mysql:5.7
    environment:
      MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD: my-secret-pw
      MYSQL_DATABASE: wordpress


volumes:
  wordpress:
```

# Screenshots

If you deploy this version of configuration for Nginx + wordpress-docker-sec (see below) hacking tools will tell you something like:

## WP-Scan

![WP-SCan](screenshots/wp-scan.jpg)

## Plecost

![Plecost](screenshots/plecost.jpg)

## Nmap

![Nmap](screenshots/nmap.jpg)
